Apply default NetworkPolicies (#1)
projectsyn/component-networkpolicy: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `networkpolicy`.

== `allowNamespaceLabels`

[horizontal]
type:: list of tuples
default:: empty list

A list of labels matching namespaces to allow traffic from.
Each list item can contain several key value pairs.
They result in an `AND` condition.
Individual list iems will result in an `OR` condtion.

[source,yaml]
----
allowNamespaceLabels:
  - my-label-a: true
    my-label-b: true
  - my-label-c: true
----

In the above example, traffic will be allowed if a namespaces has the label `my-lable-a=true` AND `my-label-b=true`.
Trafic will also be allowed if a namespce is labeled `my-label-c`.

== `ignoredNamespaces`

[horizontal]
type:: list of strings
default:: empty list

A list of namespace names where no default NetworkPolicies will be created.
All namespaces in this list will receive the label `espejo.syn.tools/no-network-policies=true`.

> Default NetworkPolicies will also be activly removed from thos namesapces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default NetworkPolicies will also be actively removed from those namespaces.
```

[NOTE]
====
The removal of the NetworkPolcies is done based on the namespace names.

> The label `espejo.syn.tools/no-network-policies` controlls only the creation of them.

Reviewer: Wouldn't it make more sense to also use a label instead of using `matchNames`?
I think this would make it more consistent. The `matchNames` feature is really just a workaround for cases where one can't set labels on a namespace...

Author: Very good suggestion. This gives a generalized interface for pruning those default policies.
